Here is the list of 50 cheat sheets for Python, R, SQL, Apache Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Django & Flask for ML:

Python

Python 3.8 cheatsheet -
https://www.pythoncheatsheet.org/

Python Cheat Sheet by DaveChild
http://www.cheatography.com/davechild/cheat-sheets/python/

Python Debugger Cheatsheet
http://nblock.org/2011/11/15/pdb-cheatsheet/

NumPy / SciPy / Pandas Cheat Sheet
https://s3.amazonaws.com/quandl-static-content/Documents/Quandl+-+Pandas,+SciPy,+NumPy+Cheat+Sheet.pdf

Python Decorators cheatsheet
https://yanbin.blog/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/decorators-cheatsheet.pdf

Python Language & Syntax Cheat Sheet
http://ddi.ifi.lmu.de/probestudium/2013/ws-i-3d-programmierung/tutorials/python-referenzkarte

R

R cheat sheet (Google Drive)
https://drive.google.com/folderview?ddrp=1&id=0ByIrJAE4KMTtcVBmdm1BOEZoeEk#

R functions for Regression Analysis
http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ricci-refcard-regression.pdf

R Reference Card
http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Short-refcard.pdf

R functions for Time series Analysis
http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ricci-refcard-ts.pdf

R Reference Card for Data Mining
http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/YanchangZhao-refcard-data-mining.pdf

R Cheat Sheet
https://s3.amazonaws.com/quandl-static-content/Documents/Quandl+-+R+Cheat+Sheet.pdf

Data Analysis the data.table way
https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.datacamp.com/img/blog/data+table+cheat+sheet.pdf

Interactive Web Apps cheatsheet by R studio
http://shiny.rstudio.com/images/shiny-cheatsheet.pdf

Data Wrangling cheatsheet
https://www.rstudio.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/data-wrangling-cheatsheet.pdf

R markdown cheatsheet
https://www.rstudio.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/rmarkdown-cheatsheet.pdf

R Markdown Reference guide
https://www.rstudio.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/rmarkdown-reference.pdf

R Data Management cheatsheet
https://cheatography.com/xeonkai/cheat-sheets/data-management-in-r/

R Cheatsheet for graphical parameters
http://flowingdata.com/2015/03/17/r-cheat-sheet-for-graphical-parameters/

RStudio cheat sheets
https://www.rstudio.com/resources/cheatsheets/

R DataTable cheat sheet
https://www.infoworld.com/article/3575086/the-ultimate-r-datatable-cheat-sheet.html

R Data visualisation cheat sheet
https://www.maths.usyd.edu.au/u/UG/SM/STAT3022/r/current/Misc/data-visualization-2.1.pdf

SQL

MySQL Cheatsheet by Dave child
http://www.cheatography.com/davechild/cheat-sheets/mysql/

SQL Cheat sheet
http://www.sql-tutorial.net/sql-cheat-sheet.pdf

SQL in one page
http://www.sql.su/

MySQL Reference guide
http://cse.unl.edu/~sscott/ShowFiles/SQL/CheatSheet/SQLCheatSheet.html

SQL for dummies
http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/sql-for-dummies-cheat-sheet.html

Apache Spark

Apache Spark
https://dzone.com/refcardz/apache-spark

Scala cheatsheets 1
http://docs.scala-lang.org/cheatsheets/

Scala cheatsheets 2
http://www.cheat-sheets.org/saved-copy/Scala_Cheatsheet.pdf

Scala from DZone Reference Card
https://dzone.com/refcardz/scala

Spark cheatsheet on github
https://github.com/KjellSchubert/cheatsheets/blob/master/spark.md

Scala on Spark Cheatsheet
http://www.openkb.info/2015/01/scala-on-spark-cheatsheet.html

Hadoop

Hadoop for Dummies cheatsheet
http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/hadoop-for-dummies-cheat-sheet.html

Getting Started Apache Hadoop Reference Card
https://dzone.com/refcardz/getting-started-apache-hadoop

Hadoop Command Line cheatsheet
http://danielnee.com/2015/02/hadoop-command-line-cheatsheet/

Working with HDFS from the command line - Hadoop Cheat sheet
https://github.com/michiard/CLOUDS-LAB/blob/master/C-S.md

Hive

Hive Function cheatsheet
https://www.qubole.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/hive-function-cheat-sheet.pdf

SQL to Hive cheatsheet
http://hortonworks.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Hortonworks.CheatSheet.SQLtoHive.pdf

Machine Learning

Choosing the right estimator Machine Learning cheatsheet
http://scikit-learn.org/stable/tutorial/machine_learning_map/

Patterns for Predictive learning cheatsheet
https://dzone.com/refcardz/machine-learning-predictive

Machine learning algorithm cheat sheet for Microsoft Azure
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/documentation/articles/machine-learning-algorithm-cheat-sheet/

Machine Learning cheatsheet Github 1
https://github.com/soulmachine/machine-learning-cheat-sheet

Machine Learning cheatsheet Github 2
https://github.com/rcompton/ml_cheat_sheet

Machine Learning which algorithm performs best?
http://www.lauradhamilton.com/machine-learning-algorithm-cheat-sheet

Cheatsheet 10 machine learning algorithms R commands
http://vitalflux.com/cheat-sheet-10-machine-learning-algorithms-r-commands/

Patterns for Predictive Analytics
https://dzone.com/refcardz/machine-learning-predictive

Django

Django cheat sheet v.1
https://www.creative-tim.com/blog/django-templates/django-cheat-sheet-free-samples/

Django Reference Cheatsheet
http://www.cheat-sheets.org/saved-copy/django_reference_sheet.pdf

Flask

Flask Cheatsheet
https://s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/prettyprinted/flask_cheatsheet.pdf
